TELCODOCS-243: D/S Docs & RN: METAL-6 (MPHARDWARE-4/KNIDEPLOY-2108) BIOS Settings Configuration (set values) (#41947)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/bmo-verifying-the-hostfirmware-settings-resource-is-valid.adoc

// This is included in the following assemblies:
//
// post_installation_configuration/bare-metal-configuration.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="verifying-the-hostfirmware-settings-resource-is-valid_{context}"]
= Verifying the HostFirmware Settings resource is valid

> After editing the `spec.settings` section of the `HostFirmwareSettings` resource, the Bare Metal Operator will validate the resource. You can use the following procedure to verify that the resource is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After editing the `spec.settings` section of the `HostFirmwareSettings` resource, the Bare Metal Operator validates the resource. Use the following procedure to verify that the resource is valid.
```

.Procedure

. Get a list of hosts:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get hfs -n openshift-machine-api
----

. Verify that the `HostFirmwareSettings` resource for a particular host is valid:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc describe hfs/<host_name> -n openshift-machine-api
----
+

> Where `<host_name>` is the name of the host. If the response returns `ValidationFailed`, there is an error in the resource configuration. If there is an error, update the values to conform to the schema as described in the "About the FirmwareSchema resource" section.

Reviewer: Do we really need the second line here?

```suggestion
Where `<host_name>` is the name of the host.
```

Reviewer: What you could do, is add an xref directly after the module `include::` reference in the assembly to link directly to the topic you want to refer to.

// This is included in the following assemblies:
//
// post_installation_configuration/bare-metal-configuration.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="verifying-the-hostfirmware-settings-resource-is-valid_{context}"]
= Verifying the HostFirmware Settings resource is valid

When the user edits the `spec.settings` section to make a change to the `HostFirmwareSetting`(HFS) resource, the Bare Metal Operator (BMO) validates the change against the `FimwareSchema` resource, which is a read-only resource. If the setting is invalid, the BMO will set the `Type` value of the `status.Condition` setting to `False` and also generate an event and store it in the HFS resource. Use the following procedure to verify that the resource is valid.

.Procedure

> . Get a list of hosts:

Reviewer 2: ditto
